Update webtop5.rst (#572)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/webtop5.rst

Custom fields
=============

With custom fields it is possible to provide information and additional data for each contact, event or activity.

Custom fields are only available for the Address Book, Calendar, and Tasks modules and are specific to each different module.

In order to manage custom fields and its panels, the user must have a specific authorization, obtained through the administration panel:

- go to  Administration menu, then choose :guilabel:`Domains` -> :guilabel:`NethServer` -> :guilabel:`Groups` -> :guilabel:`Users` -> :guilabel:`Authorization`
- add (+) -> :guilabel:`Services` -> :guilabel:`com.sonicle.webtop.core (WebTop)` -> :guilabel:`Resource` -> :guilabel:`CUSTOM_FIELDS` -> :guilabel:`Action` -> :guilabel:`MANAGE`
- click :guilabel:`OK` then save and exit

Users who have this authorization will find the specific button available at the top right:
    
.. image:: _static/webtop-cf1.png

To create a new custom field it is necessary to fill in at least the :guilabel:`Name` field and select the :guilabel:`Type`:

.. image:: _static/webtop-cf2.png

> For the :guilabel:`Name` field only alphanumeric characters (including - and _) are allowed. **Spaces are not allowed**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the :guilabel:`Name` field only alphanumeric characters (including ``-`` and ``_``) are allowed. **Spaces are not allowed**.
```

The :guilabel:`Description` field is used to add details to the field and the :guilable:`Label` field represents the label that will be shown in correspondence with the field within the panel in which it will be used.

For each field it is possible to enable these two options:

.. image:: _static/webtop-cf3.png

- :guilabel:`Show in search bar`: the field is added in the multiple search window (a new access will be required)
- :guilabel:`Show in preview`: the field is shown in the preview window of a contact

Additional specific properties, that are also customizable, are available for each type.

For the :guilabel:`List box` type it is necessary to fill in the values to be selected:

.. image:: _static/webtop-cf4.png

Using the :guilabel:`Clone` button you can copy the custom field to create a similar one:

.. image:: _static/webtop-cf5.png

.. note::

>     With the **FREE version**, installed by default, it is possible to create up to a **maximum of 3 custom fields** for each different module (3 in Address Book + 3 in Calendar + 3 in Activities). To remove this limit it is necessary to upgrade to the **PREMIUM version** by purchasing a dedicated license on our `NethShop <https://nethshop.nethesis.it/product/campi-custom-webtop/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the **FREE version**, installed by default, it is possible to create up to a **maximum of 3 custom fields** for each different module (3 in Address Book + 3 in Calendar + 3 in Activities). To remove this limit it is necessary to upgrade to the **PREMIUM version** by purchasing a dedicated license on `Nethesis shop <https://nethshop.nethesis.it/product/campi-custom-webtop/>`_
```

Searches on custom fields
-------------------------

> One of the best functionalities of custom fields is the possibility to perform multiple searches on all modules and fields for which the option **Show in search bar** has been activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the best functionalities of custom fields is the possibility to perform multiple searches on all modules and fields for which the option :guilabel:`Show in search bar` has been activated.
```

Select the recipient user of the share (or Group), and enable permissions for both the folder and the individual items.

Custom cross labels

> ==================

Reviewer: Underline too short.

Reviewer: I think a better title could be `Custom labels` or just `Labels`

> There are two types of labels:

Reviewer: Before describing the types of labels, please explain what labels are for

> - **Private**: not usable for custom fields and not visible to other users
> - **Shared**: usable for custom field panels and visible to other users

Reviewer: First, highlight the main function:

```suggestion
- **Private**: not visible to other users, also not available for custom fields
- **Shared**: visible to all users usable, also available for custom fields
```

> In order to manage the "Shared" labels it is necessary to activate a specific authorization via the admin panel:

Reviewer: First, specify that all users can use private labels.
Then, introduce the required authorization.
Finally, remove the node at line 308.

- go to  Administration menu, then choose :guilabel:`Domains` -> :guilabel:`NethServer` -> :guilabel:`Groups` -> :guilabel:`Users` -> :guilabel:`Authorization`
- add (+) -> :guilabel:`Services` -> :guilabel:`com.sonicle.webtop.core (WebTop)` -> :guilabel:`Resource` -> :guilabel:`TAGS` -> :guilabel:`Action` -> :guilabel:`MANAGE`
- click **OK** then save and exit

.. note::
    without this authorization the user can create and modify ONLY "**Private**" labels.
    
The management of labels can be reached from this button at the top right: 
    
.. image:: _static/webtop-tags1.png

The same functionality can also be reached from the individual modules (Mail, Address Book, Calendar and Tasks) by right clicking -> :guilabel:`Labels` -> :guilabel:`Manage labels`.
 

> The type of visibility that you want to give to a label will be requested only during the creation phase and it will not be possible to modify it later (it will be necessary to delete and redo the label)

Reviewer: Suggestion:
```
Visibility can be set only during label creation.
To change the label visibility you need to delete the label and recreate it again.
```

Question: if a label has been deleted, do all object lose reference to it?

> The created labels (both Private and Shared) can be used transversally on any other module (Mail, Address Book, Calendar and Tasks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private and Shared labels can be used any module: Mail, Address Book, Calendar and Tasks.
```

Custom fields
=============

Custom fields are only available for the Address Book, Calendar, and Tasks modules and are specific to each different module.

> In order to manage custom fields and its panels it is necessary to have a specific authorization, obtained through the administration panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to manage custom fields and its panels it is necessary to have a specific authorization, obtained through the administration panel:
```
```suggestion
In order to manage custom fields and its panels, the user must have a specific authorization, obtained through the administration panel:
```

- go to  Administration menu, then choose :guilabel:`Domains` -> :guilabel:`NethServer` -> :guilabel:`Groups` -> :guilabel:`Users` -> :guilabel:`Authorization`
- add (+) -> :guilabel:`Services` -> :guilabel:`com.sonicle.webtop.core (WebTop)` -> :guilabel:`Resource` -> :guilabel:`CUSTOM_FIELDS` -> :guilabel:`Action` -> :guilabel:`MANAGE`
- click **OK** then save and exit

> Users who have this authorization will find the specific button available at the top right:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorized users will find the specific button available at the top right:
```

    
.. image:: _static/webtop-cf1.png

> To create a new custom field it is necessary to fill in at least the **Name** field and select the **Type**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new custom field, just fill the mandatory **Name** field and select the **Type**:
```

.. image:: _static/webtop-preview.png

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
